Check if alignment files were removed from server before displaying their link (#3383)
Clinical-Genomics/scout: CHANGELOG.md

- Variants pagination after pressing "Filter variants" or "Clinical filter"
- Layout of buttons Matchmaker submission panel (case page)
- Removing cases from Matchmaker (simplified code and fixed functionality)

> - Removed buttons to display alignment files removed from server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reintroduce check for missing alignment files purged from server
```
